SDK V3 Kuzzle&WebSocket Documentation (#42)
kuzzleio/sdk-java: kuzzle-sdk-java/doc/3/core-classes/kuzzle/constructor/index.md

---
code: true
type: page
title: constructor
description: This constructor create a new instance of the SDK. Each instance represent a different connection to a Kuzzle server with specific options.
---

# constructor

> This constructor create a new instance of the SDK. Each instance represent a different connection to a Kuzzle server with specific options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This constructor creates a new instance of the SDK. Each instance represents a different connection to a Kuzzle server with specific options.
```

## Arguments

```java
public Kuzzle(
    AbstractProtocol networkProtocol
) throws IllegalArgumentException;

public Kuzzle(
    AbstractProtocol networkProtocol,
    KuzzleOptions options
) throws IllegalArgumentException;
```

| Argument   | Type                      | Description                       |
|------------|---------------------------|-----------------------------------|
| `protocol` | <pre>AbstractProtol</pre> | Protocol used by the SDK instance |
| `options`  | <pre>KuzzleOptions</pre>  | Kuzzle object configuration       |

### options

| Argument                 | Type<br>(default)                                                                                              | Description                                                           |
|--------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `maxQueueSize`           | <pre>int</pre><br>(`-1`)                                                                                       | The maximum amount of elements that the queue can contains.           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `maxQueueSize`           | <pre>int</pre><br>(`-1`)                                                                                       | The maximum amount of elements that the queue can contain.           |
```
